Toml config outgoing pools - reviewed (#2889)
esl/MongooseIM: doc/advanced-configuration/outgoing-connections.md

* **Default:** `"/"`
* **Example:** `path_prefix = "/api/auth/"`

Initial part of path which will be common to all calls. Prefix will be automatically prepended to path specified by a call to the pool.

#### `outgoing_pools.http.*.connection.request_timeout`
* **Syntax:** positive integer
* **Default:** `2000` (milliseconds)
* **Example:** `request_timeout = 5000`

> Number of milliseconds after which http call to the server will time out. Should be lower then call_timeout set at the pool level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Number of milliseconds after which the http call to the server will time out. It should be lower than `call_timeout` set at the pool level.
```

MongooseIM uses [inaka/tirerl](https://github.com/inaka/tirerl) library to communicate with ElasticSearch.
This library uses `worker_pool` in a bit different way than MongooseIM does, so the following options are not configurable:

> * `call_timeout` (inifinity)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `call_timeout` (infinity)
```
